water's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
iron's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
oxygen's phase of matter at room temperature is a gas
gold's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
mercury's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
aluminum's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
nitrogen's phase of matter at room temperature is a gas
silicon's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
neon's phase of matter at room temperature is a gas
ethanol's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
sulfur's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
helium's phase of matter at room temperature is a gas
lead's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
ice cream's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
coffee's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
wood's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
plastic's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
butter's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
honey's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
wine's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
glass's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
carbon dioxide's phase of matter at room temperature is a gas
paper's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
copper's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
chocolate's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
petroleum's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
steam's phase of matter at room temperature is a gas
ice's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
diamond's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
milk's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
olive oil's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
soap's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
rubber's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
glycerin's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
tea's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
hydrogen's phase of matter at room temperature is a gas
salt's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
sugar's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
vinegar's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
silver's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
leather's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
argon's phase of matter at room temperature is a gas
wax's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
beer's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
radium's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
platinum's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
juice's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
tungsten's phase of matter at room temperature is a solid
kerosene's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
champagne's phase of matter at room temperature is a liquid
