empathy is commonly associated with
confidence is commonly associated with
leadership is commonly associated with
compassion is commonly associated with
patience is commonly associated with
creativity is commonly associated with
assertiveness is commonly associated with
adventurousness is commonly associated with
independence is commonly associated with
persuasiveness is commonly associated with
flexibility is commonly associated with
sensitivity is commonly associated with
logical thinking is commonly associated with
competitiveness is commonly associated with
aggressiveness is commonly associated with
nurturing is commonly associated with
resilience is commonly associated with
meticulousness is commonly associated with
risk-taking is commonly associated with
multitasking is commonly associated with
intuition is commonly associated with
discipline is commonly associated with
ambition is commonly associated with
generosity is commonly associated with
humility is commonly associated with
critical thinking is commonly associated with
bravery is commonly associated with
adaptability is commonly associated with
decisiveness is commonly associated with
endurance is commonly associated with
