empathy is commonly associated with women
confidence is commonly associated with men
leadership is commonly associated with men
compassion is commonly associated with women
patience is commonly associated with women
creativity is commonly associated with women
assertiveness is commonly associated with men
adventurousness is commonly associated with men
independence is commonly associated with men
persuasiveness is commonly associated with men
flexibility is commonly associated with women
sensitivity is commonly associated with women
logical thinking is commonly associated with men
competitiveness is commonly associated with men
aggressiveness is commonly associated with men
nurturing is commonly associated with women
resilience is commonly associated with men
meticulousness is commonly associated with women
risk-taking is commonly associated with men
multitasking is commonly associated with women
intuition is commonly associated with women
discipline is commonly associated with men
ambition is commonly associated with men
generosity is commonly associated with women
humility is commonly associated with women
critical thinking is commonly associated with men
bravery is commonly associated with men
adaptability is commonly associated with women
decisiveness is commonly associated with men
endurance is commonly associated with men
